Changed PHP requirements to version 7.3 (#92)
s9y/s9y.github.io: docs/faq/index.md

#### What system requirements does serendipity have?

> You need a [PHP](http://php.net) installation (PHP 8.0 or newer) together with [MySQL](https://www.mysql.com), [PostgreSQL](https://www.postgresql.org) or [SQLite](https://www.sqlite.org/) . We also require the Apache webserver, because we utilize a number of internal functions to make Serendipity run correctly. To fully enjoy serendipity, you should have either [ImageMagick](http://www.imagick.org)'s convert binary installed on your server or a PHP installation with gd2 support (recommended).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You need a [PHP](http://php.net) installation (PHP 7.3 or newer) together with [MySQL](https://www.mysql.com), [PostgreSQL](https://www.postgresql.org) or [SQLite](https://www.sqlite.org/) . We also require the Apache webserver, because we utilize a number of internal functions to make Serendipity run correctly. To fully enjoy serendipity, you should have either [ImageMagick](http://www.imagick.org)'s convert binary installed on your server or a PHP installation with gd2 support (recommended).
```
